Add react ressources (#7212)
EbookFoundation/free-programming-books: courses/free-courses-en.md

* [Full-Stack Web Development with React Specialization](https://www.coursera.org/specializations/full-stack-react) - Jogesh K. Muppala (Coursera)
* [React](https://progate.com/languages/react) (progate) *(account required)*
* [React basic in just 1 hour](https://www.udemy.com/course/react-basic-in-just-1-hour/) (Udemy)

> * [React Context & Hooks Tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6RhOzQciVwI&list=PL4cUxeGkcC9hNokByJilPg5g9m2APUePI&ab_channel=TheNetNinja) - The Net Ninja

Reviewer: Cleaning playlist url...

```suggestion
* [React Context & Hooks Tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4cUxeGkcC9hNokByJilPg5g9m2APUePI) - The Net Ninja
```

* [React Crash Course 2020](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4UZrsTqkcW4) - freecodecamp
* [React Hooks](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLZlA0Gpn_vH8EtggFGERCwMY5u5hOjf-h) - WebDevSimplified
* [ReactJS Basics](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLe30vg_FG4OSw8SIcLVci-jB_-W1ZkLYp) - Bitfumes
* [ReactJS Frontend Web Development For Beginners](https://www.udemy.com/course/react-tutorial/) - Ryan Dhungel (Udemy)

> * [ReactJS Full Course for Beginners | Complete All-in-One Tutorial | 9 Hours](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RVFAyFWO4go&ab_channel=DaveGray) - DaveGray

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ReactJS Full Course for Beginners \| Complete All-in-One Tutorial \| 9 Hours](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RVFAyFWO4go) - Dave Gray
```
